In this folder there are scripts which are needed for the generation of an own gridlabd model.

#### 
In createPlayer.txt are different functions to create player files for gridlabd from the london smartmeter dataset.
The script can be used in Rstudio and it is enough to paste them into the environment
and start the functions.

filterMinMaxDate:
With filterMinMaxDate it is possible to filter one or more files from the london 
smart meter dataset and generate a dataframe which lists the first date and the last date of a house in a file.

filterByDate:
filterByDate filters one or more files from the london smart meter dataset by a specific date which can be changed in the function.
It has to be run before the function writeCSV is called.

writeCSV:
writeCSV takes a single house from the dataframe which is generated by the function filterByDate and writes it into a 
textfile that can be later used as a player file for gridlabd. To use writeCSV filterByDate has to be called first!

####
createLines.txt is a simple script to create different vectors which are safed into a data.frame. With the Variable i it is possible to set the amount of created lines.
There is a strict structure in the dataframe which should not be changed. Since the structure is reused in createModel.m .

####
In createPlots.txt are 3 different R functions.
Important: The functions have to run in the folder where the output files are saved for example the strom folder within the Generated Model folder.

europeanModelPlots: is used to create plots of the europeanModel.

PlotsOfSelfModel: is used to create plots of the houses in the generated model. it should be possible to used this script even for own models, but then the variable i might be changed.

PlotsForApartmentBuilding: create apartment building plot for the model in generated model.







